hello very good with the appearance of
upper what's many developers are
they have put the batteries and finally there are
and a multitude of applications that have
some functionality adapted to this
smart watch but in the video of
today we are going to teach you the 5
applications better adapted to Peru and
those 5 apps that you have to try when
you buy it, try it for the first time
apple upper watch
[Music]
and the first application that you have to
try with the upper what is called team
apple we know that it is an application that
it does not exist for all cities but
every day includes one more city and its
services are spectacular we like
how comfortable it is to have the clock in the
doll and with a touch to be able to know which
it's the fastest way to go home
or any other address we have
saved with a step-by-step explanation
also seventh verte gives information
updated of all transports
public that you have nearby schedules
stops hours of departure at a distance
foot even offers information about
possible service alerts
and also includes the function has
transportation but only available in
the platinum version
I think it does not work and the second app
you have to try the upper bots
it's called wonder list sure that the
you know it's about that application with
which for example you can have a
Shared shopping list with your partner
and so when you go to buy you know
exactly the ingredients that you
are missing now with the implement what's not done
missing or that you take out is the phone of the
pocket in addition with wunderlist in the
upper web you can mark what you already
you have bought the movies that have
pending tasks that you have to finish your
Wish list in the main menu
you have the input tray where
you will receive any comments in lists
shared the calendar to see the
tasks with dates an access to
Favorites and other access to any item
that you have been assigned directly to
you and the third application that you have
what to try in the upper world is called
runkeeper as you already know the upper watch and
Similar watches are perfect for
those people who like
do some fitness apps
as runkeeper, the app shows
can boot the activity on the iphone
and it will show you your time
kilometers traveled
in which you are running at intervals
of time the mobile app takes care of
save the rest of information so that
see it later you can also pause or
stop the activity from the clock in
any time and the fourth application
you have to try the whats in the app
it's called rules and it was one of the first
games that was already created with an adaptation
to this apple smart watch it
it's about a very original game with a
mechanics that will test your brain
with a version for Peru what's very
well resolved but less complex the
game brings them you have to solve
logical puzzles that will require all of your
concentration and memory at all times
and the fifth application that you have to
try on the upper watch is called day
one and it is a similar to a
newspaper or a place to take notes with
an apple watch version very well
adapted and very useful we think an idea
great to be able to add
entries in this kind of diary
staff where you can take voice notes
using the clock the date location
Now place and even time will
automatically registered next to that
In addition you can add an image
of the last you have done with the
camera all without lifting the phone
where you have it up to here this list of
the 5 essential apps to start
to try the world affair we know there
many more applications and that's why you
we invite you if you know any that
maybe we should have put in this
list the vintages in the comments
we come back next Friday with
five more applications to recommend
and enjoy the weekend already
you know subscribe to our channel and we
we see
[Music]